 

Privacy Policy
=============================

Dankstocks.com is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy.
Should you choose to provide your email address or any other personal
information on any of the forms found on our site, you can be assured
that it will only be used to support your relationship with
Dankstocks.com. This privacy policy is intended for all users of
Dankstocks.com, including contributors, viewers, vendors, and others.

By visiting this web site you consent to us collecting your information
as mentioned in this privacy policy, and agree to be bound by the terms
and conditions of this Privacy Policy. You may opt out at any time. If
you do not agree please do not use or access our services.

In this privacy policy, you will find information on these areas:

• What personally identifiable information Dankstocks.com collects.

• What personally identifiable information third parties collect through
the Web site.

• What organization collects the information.

• How Dankstocks.com uses the information.

• With whom Dankstocks.com may share user information.

• What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and
distribution of the information.

• What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss,
misuse or alteration of information under Dankstocks.com’s control.

• How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information, as well as
opt out of providing any information.

If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they
should contact Dankstocks.com at support@dankstocks.com.

Any violation of this privacy policy will lead to suspension of user
privileges and permanent removal from this web site.

Some of the information found in this policy may or may not apply at all
times, based on what services are being offered.

GDRP- If required, Dankstocks.com will comply with the GDRP (General
Data Protection Regulation) for users from the European Union, including
making sure its clear as to our purposes for processing personal data,
where data is stored, our retention periods for that personal data and
who it will be shared with. If you are a resident of the European
Economic Area (EEA), or are accessing this site from within the EEA, you
may have the right to request: access to, correction of, deletion of;
portability of; and restriction or objection to processing, of your
personal data, from us. This includes the “right to be forgotten.”. To
make any of these requests, please contact us at support@dankstocks.com.

California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA)- The CCPA took effect on
January 1, 2020, and is intended to protect the personal information of
California residents. The CCPA has certain threshold requirements which
a company must meet in order to be required to comply with its
provisions. Upon information and belief, our company does not meet those
thresholds. Should CCPA ever apply to Dankstocks.com, the following
terms shall apply as well (at a minimum):

You have the right to know what personal information we collect from you
(which is discussed in this agreement), what third parties we give this
information to, as well as the right to request a copy of the
information we have from you and how we have used it. You also have the
right to request that we no longer use your personal information, which
will be located on our webpages, including making sure its clear as to
our purposes for processing personal data, where data is stored, our
retention periods for that personal data and who it will be shared with,
as well as your rights to your information.

Information Collection and Use
==============================

#### Information Collection

Dankstocks.com is the sole owner of the information collected on our
site. Dankstocks.com collects and monitors information from our users at
several different points on our Web site.

Registration
------------

In order to use this Web site, a user must first complete the
registration form. During registration a user is required to give
contact information (such as but not limited to, name, address, phone
number, email address, and credit card information). We use this
information to contact the user about services on our site for which
he/she has expressed interest in getting more information. It is
optional for the user to provide demographic information (if ever
asked), but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience
on our site. Please safeguard your password and other personal
information. You may be liable for unauthorized use of our web site, as
well as have your private information used by others.

Submitting Commentary
---------------------

Dankstocks.com offers users the opportunity to download their reports
and/or other information on their experience with companies for insight
on possible purchasing of shares in that company, so we therefore
request information from the user on our submission form. For these
submissions, a user may be requested to provide contact information
(such as name, email, and phone numbers).

For users who do submit content, they are responsible for the accuracy
of their content, as well as warranting that they have the right to
submit this content, including not infringing upon the copyright of
another. Please see the terms and conditions page for additional
information on copyright.

Users will also be able to provide tips to the writers of these
articles. For those who choose to leave tips, a user may be requested to
provide contact information (such as name, email, and phone numbers) and
financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date).
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s tip
requests. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is
used to contact the user.

We, or possibly a third party processing center, will not store your
credit card information after your card has been processed.

Unless you opt-out, you give Dankstocks.com permission to use your
information as per this privacy policy.

**Third party access to your data**

The Site may also include links to other websites and provides access to
products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies
we do not control. When you access another website or purchase
third-party products or services through the Site, use of any
information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the
operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products
or services.

Google may have access to some of your non identifiable information so
the Company can learn how its advertising is working.

While Dankstocks.com will make every effort possible to protect your
privacy, we do not promise, nor should you expect, that your personally
identifiable information or private communications would always remain
private. This will include parties who attempt to illegally enter our
web site and intercept or access transmissions or private
communications.

**Dankstocks.com shall not be liable to you for any third parties use of
your data, regardless how its obtained.**

Information Use
===============

### Profile

We store information that we collect through cookies, log files and/or
third parties to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored
information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing
and sales preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to
the users personally identifiable information to provide offers to
improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to
tailor a user’s visit to our Web site, to keep users informed about
their sales, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We do
not share your profile with other third parties, unless specifically
mentioned in this agreement.

### Cookies

A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to
information about the user. We may use both session ID cookies and
persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the
browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small
text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of
time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser
help file directions.

Cookies will be used on our site to remember and recall login names,
login information, previous purchases, potential purchases, as well as
other items to help us better understand user’s needs. By setting a
cookie on our site, users would not have to log in a password more than
once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookie,
they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user
will be limited in some areas of our site. Persistent cookies enable us
to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience
on our site. See the “Profile” section.

We also use cookies to collect and store information that is generated
automatically as you navigate online through the Site. For example, we
may collect information about your computer’s connection to the
Internet, which allows us, among other things, to improve the delivery
of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Site. By showing
how and when visitors use the Site, cookies help us deliver
advertisements, identify how many unique users visit us, and track user
trends and patterns. The Site also may use web beacons (single-pixel
graphic files also known as “transparent GIFs”) to access cookies and to
count users who visit the Site or open HTML-formatted email messages.

We use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site
in a variety of ways, including using the information to customize
features; advertising that appear on the Site (if ever applicable); and,
making other offers available to you via email, direct mail or
otherwise. We also may provide your information to third parties, such
as service providers, contractors and third-party publishers and
advertisers for a variety of purposes. If you prefer not to have your
information sent to these parties, please contact support@dankstocks.com
to opt out.

Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal
information available for viewing by third parties online – for example
on message boards, web logs, through email, or in chat areas (if ever
applicable) – that information can be seen, collected and used by others
besides us. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third-party
use of such information.

If ever applicable, some of our business partners may use cookies on our
site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or
control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to
set cookies for advertising. These parties use of cookies are subject to
their own set of privacy policies.

This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Dankstocks.com only
and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

### 

### Log Files

Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes
internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service
provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp,
and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track
user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic
information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to
personally identifiable information.

### Third Party Advertising

There is some information that is given to third party advertisers (if
applicable). These third-party advertisers and ad servers that place and
present advertising on the Site also may collect information from you
via cookies, web beacons or similar technologies. Information could
include data about users’ visit to this site, such as number of times
they have viewed an ad (but not user name, address, or other personal
information), is used to serve ads to users on this site.

These third-party advertisers and ad servers may use the information
they collect to help present their advertisements, to help measure and
research the advertisements’ effectiveness, or for other purposes. The
use and collection of your information by these third-party advertisers
and ad servers is governed by the relevant third-party’s privacy policy
and is not covered by our Privacy Policy. Indeed, the privacy policies
of these third-party advertisers and ad servers may be different from
ours. If you have any concerns about a third party’s use of cookies or
web beacons or use of your information, you should visit that party’s
website and review its privacy policy.

Your email address may be given to third party vendors as well, unless
you opt out.

For more information about third party advertisers, cookies, and how to
"opt-out", please contact us at support@dankstocks.com.

**Communications from the Site**

Special Offers and Updates
--------------------------

We send all new members a welcoming email and if necessary, to verify
password and username. Established members will occasionally receive
information on (if applicable) products, services, promotions, and a
newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the
option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the
Choice and Opt-out sections.

Service Announcements
---------------------

On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related
announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for
maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not
opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their
account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.

Customer Service
----------------

We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested
services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via
email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.

Other uses

We can use your information to help facilitate requested information,
resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, enforce user agreements,
analyze site usage, as well as site content customization, layout and
services. No personal information will be used here though.

**Sharing**

Legal Disclaimer
----------------

Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to
disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a
good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current
judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web
site. This includes, but is not limited to, any defense to any claim in
which Dankstocks.com in a defendant, to assist in any investigations by
law enforcement agencies, or violations of any Dankstocks.com policy.

Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
---------------------------------------------------

While Dankstocks.com will not rent, sell or share your information in
general (except as mentioned in this policy), there are certain
instances that your information may be used. We share aggregated
demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not
linked to any personally identifiable information. This is how your
information will be shared:

•To partners

•Information relating to minors will only be used with prior parental or
guardianship approval.

•If Dankstocks.com merges with another company, then this information
will be shared with the merging company.

Third Party Advertisers
-----------------------

Should we do this in the future, we may share non personal information
with third party advertisers, and this will be used to gather
information about users for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner
advertisements on this site and other sites. The information they
collect and share through this technology is not personally
identifiable. For more information or for choices about not having this
anonymous information used please see our choice/ opt out section.

**These are the instances in which we will share users’ personal
information:**

Dankstocks.com does not rent, sell, or share personal information about
you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to help
facilitate in providing products you've requested, when we have your
permission, or under the following circumstances:

We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or
with Dankstocks.com under confidentiality agreements. These companies
may use your personal information to help Dankstocks.com communicate
with you about offers from Dankstocks.com and our marketing partners.
However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this
information;

We have a parent's permission to share the information if the user is a
child under age 13. Parents have the option of allowing Dankstocks.com
to collect and use their child's information without consenting to
Dankstocks.com sharing of this information with people and companies who
may use this information for their own purposes. We will not ask for
more information from children than is necessary to participate in this
web site. See below for more details on children’s privacy;

We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish
or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, as well as
to government agencies for tax reporting;

We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate,
prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any
person, violations of Dankstocks.com 's terms of use, or as otherwise
required by law;

We transfer information about you if Dankstocks.com is acquired by or
merged with another company. In this event, Dankstocks.com will notify
you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a
different privacy policy;

Dankstocks.com may display targeted advertisements based on personal
information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume
that people who interact with, view, or click on targeted ads meet the
targeting criteria - for example, age, gender and geographical areas;

Dankstocks.com does not provide any personal information (other than
email address) to the advertiser (if ever applicable) when you interact
with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an
ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make
the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the
ad;

We do not support any illegal use of your private information and will
make every effort to stop such practices in order to protect your
privacy.

Third Party Intermediaries
--------------------------

We may use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card
processing company to bill users for goods and services. To the best of
our knowledge, these companies do not retain, share, store or use
personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.

Service Providers
-----------------

We will partner with other third parties to provide specific services,
if and when they are available to us and you. If and when we offer
products on our site, we may share names or other contact information
with these partners. This information will include e-mail address’,
shipping address’ and other needed information. These third parties are
not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the
purpose of providing these services.

In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use
and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to
perform the services they provide to us. However, we can not guarantee
that these third party providers will not disclose your personal
information to others organizations.

However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways
and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy
policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to
them for your purchase-related transactions.

For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies
so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will
be handled by these providers.

In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have
facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or
us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the
services of a third-party service provider, then your information may
become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service
provider or its facilities are located.

As an example, if you are located outside the United States and your
transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United
States, then your personal information used in completing that
transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States
legislation, including the Patriot Act.

Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or
application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our
website’s Terms of Service.

 

Business Transitions
--------------------

In the event Dankstocks.com goes through a business transition, such as
a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its
assets, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of
the assets transferred. Users will be notified via e-mail, as well as
with a prominent notice on our Web site for at least 30 days prior to a
change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a
result of the business transition, the users’ personally identifiable
information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the
time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our
notification of changes section.

**Children’s privacy**.

Dankstocks.com is designed for those who can legally create binding
contracts. Therefore, Dankstocks.com wants to protect children’s
privacy. We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of
1998 and its accompanying FTC regulations.

This children’s privacy statement explains our practices with respect to
the online collection and use of personal information from children
under the age of thirteen, and provides important information regarding
their rights under federal law with respect to such information.

This Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we
do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site. We screen users
who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under
the age of thirteen from providing such information. If we become aware
that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information
from a user under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we will
delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in
the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before
collecting any personally identifiable information from children under
the age of thirteen as part of the Site.

Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from
children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we also do NOT
knowingly distribute such information to third parties.

We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of thirteen to publicly
post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information
through the Site.\
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from
children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we do NOT
condition the participation of a child under thirteen in the Site’s
online activities on providing personally identifiable information.

Choice/Opt-out
--------------

Our users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having their
information used for purposes not directly related to our site or your
memberships, at the point where we ask for information.

Users who no longer wish to receive our communications may opt-out of
receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject
line in the email or email us at support@dankstocks.com. You may also
opt-out by going to our web page at Dankstocks.com and finding the
opt-out link.

If you choose to opt out of all communications, you understand that you
will not be kept informed of changes in company policy or other news.
You will have to visit our website to obtain this information.

Users of our site are always notified when their information is being
collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an
informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services
that require an outside party.

Links
-----

This Web site may contain links that will direct you to other sites.
Please be aware that we, Dankstocks.com, are not responsible for the
privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be
aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of
each and every web site that collects personally identifiable
information. This privacy statement applies solely to information
collected by this web site. Dankstocks.com may have co-branding and/or
framing relations with other companies. In this case, you should be
familiar with the privacy policies of both companies, since you may be
subject to each of them.

Surveys & Contests
------------------

From time-to-time we may request information from users via surveys or
contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely
voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose
this information. The requested information typically includes contact
information (such as name and address), and demographic information
(such as zip code). Contact information will be used \[shared with the
contest \[survey\] sponsors\] to notify the winners and award prizes.
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving
the use and satisfaction of this site. Users’ personally identifiable
information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice
and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys
or contests, they may not use users’ personally identifiable information
for any secondary purposes.

Security
--------

This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.
When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their
information is protected both online and off-line.

To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and
follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately
lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.

If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is
encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a
level 1 PCI compliance, at AWS EC2 instance's mongodb.  Although no
method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100%
secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional
generally accepted industry standards.

We also use 256-bit TLS encryption and at rest, the servers (AWS
servers) we use encrypt data using AES-256. The servers we use are
located in the US, in data centers that are SOC 1, SOC 2 and ISO 27001
certified. We also do everything in our power to protect
user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the
sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. We
(or our service provider) use various security protection software to
help protect your information. Only employees who need the information
to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer
service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable
information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our
security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers that store
personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.

If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users
can send an email to support@dankstocks.com.

Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
--------------------------------------------------------------

If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip
code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires
our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate
users’ personally identifiable information. This can usually be done
on-line at Dankstocks.com, or by emailing our Customer Support at
support@dankstocks.com**.**

Notification of Changes
-----------------------

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to
this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem
appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we
collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we
disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy
policy under which the information was collected.

If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable
information in a manner different from that stated at the time of
collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as
to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.
However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or
deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor
will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition,
if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not
affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a
prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of the change. In some
cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to
receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our
privacy practices.

Contact Information
-------------------

If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal
information we have

about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information,
contact us at support@dankstocks.com.
