TERMS AND CONDITIONS
=============================

This page contains the "Terms and Conditions" under which you may use
Dankstocks.com. Please read this page carefully. If you do not accept
the Terms and Conditions stated here, do not use this web site and
service. By using this web site, you are indicating your acceptance to
be bound by the terms of these Terms and Conditions. Dankstocks, Inc.
(the "Company"), may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by
updating this posting. You should visit this page periodically to review
the Terms and Conditions, because they are binding on you and may change
without notice. The terms "You" and "User" as used herein refer to all
individuals and/or entities accessing this web site for any reason.

Some of the information found in this policy may or may not apply at all
times, based on what services and products are being offered.

**Use of Material.**

The Company authorizes you to view and download a single copy of the
material on Dankstocks.com. (the "Web Site") solely for your personal,
noncommercial use.

**Intellectual Property and other Proprietary Property**

The contents of this Web Site, such as text, graphics, images, photos,
logos, button icons, software and other "Material", are protected under
United States and foreign copyright, trademark and other laws. All
Material is the property of the Company or its content suppliers,
vendors and clients. The compilation (meaning the collection,
arrangement and assembly) of all content on this Web Site is the
exclusive property of the Company and protected by U.S. and
international copyright laws. Unauthorized use of the Material may
violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. You must retain all
copyright, trademark, service mark and other proprietary notices
contained in the original Material on any copy you make of the Material.
You may not sell or modify the Material or reproduce, display, publicly
perform, distribute, or otherwise use the Material in any way for any
public or commercial purpose. The use of the Material on any other web
site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is
prohibited. Further, the HTML code that is created by the Company while
generating its pages is also protected by the Company's copyright.

**Acceptable Site Use.**

General Rules: Users may not use the Web Site in order to transmit,
distribute, store or destroy material (a) in violation of any applicable
law or regulation, (b) in a manner that will infringe the copyright,
trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others
or violate the privacy, publicity or other personal rights of others,
(c) that is defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive or hateful, or (d)
otherwise prohibited by the Company.

Web Site Security Rules. Users are prohibited from violating or
attempting to violate the security of the Web Site, including, without
limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging
into a server or account which the user is not authorized to access, (b)
attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or
network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper
authorization, (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user,
host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting
a virus to the Web Site, overloading, "flooding", "spamming",
"mailbombing" or "crashing", (d) sending unsolicited e-mail, including
promotions and/or advertising of products or services, or (e) forging
any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any
e-mail or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security
may result in civil or criminal liability. The Company will investigate
occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and
cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are
involved in such violations.

This site is designed for parties who can legally make binding contracts
under applicable law. Therefore, even though this site is designed to
include children, minors are not allowed to use this site without
permission of their parents or guardians. By granting a child permission
to use this web site, you give that child permission to access any area
of Dankstocks.com and it is the parent/guardians responsibility to make
sure that the visited portions of the web site are appropriate for your
child. Minors who can not meet these requirements may not use this Web
Site.

You are also expected to follow all laws and regulations that may be
associated with any of the activities involved with the use of the Web
Site. You are also expected to pay for any state fees or applicable
taxes that may be associated with the activities from this Web Site.

 

**Specific Prohibited Uses.**

The Web Site may be used only for lawful purposes by individuals wishing
to participate in the services and programs offered at Dankstocks.com.
The Company specifically prohibits any other use of the Web Site, and
all users agree not to use the Web Site, for any of the following:

Posting any incomplete, false or inaccurate information in the open
discussions and chat forum sections (if applicable) or other areas of
the Web Site. This includes, but is not limited to, any postings that
are sexually implicit, use derogatory statements or offensive language,
are implicit or immoral in nature, are harassing or libelous, and any
unlawful statement.

Posting any false or inaccurate biographical information when setting up
an account, making a purchase or requesting other information from this
Web Site. This includes, but is not limited to misrepresenting yourself
or your family, your company, and company goods and/or services.

Posting any incomplete, false or inaccurate information in any other
part of this Web Site.

Posting of any corrupted files, viruses and other software damaging
activities.

Posting any franchise, pyramid scheme, multi-level marketing, "club
membership", distributorship or sales representative agency arrangement
or other business opportunities which requires an up front or periodic
payment, pays commissions only, requires recruitment of other members,
sub-distributors or sub-agents, or other commercial venture.

Attempting to gather or solicit other user’s information for any reason
not authorized by the Company.

Deleting or revising any material posted by any other person or entity.
This includes, but is not limited to, the infringement of any third
party’s content or transmission.

Using any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to
interfere with the proper working of this Web Site or any activity being
conducted on this site.

Taking any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately
large load on this Web Site’s infrastructure.

If you have a password allowing access to a non-public area of this Web
Site, disclosing to or sharing your password with any third parties or
using your password for any unauthorized purpose.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, using or
attempting to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or
mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots,
avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search this Web Site other
than the search engine and search agents available from the Company on
this Web Site and other than generally available third party web
browsers, such as Safari and Microsoft Explorer.

Attempting to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any
of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Web
Site.

Aggregating, copying or duplicating in any manner any of the materials
or information available from the Web Site.

Framing of or linking to any of the materials or information available
from the Web Site.

Violate any other posted policy in regards to the use of this Web Site,
regardless as to where the policy is located at on the Web Site.

The Company has a right to refuse to post any message or other postings
if the Company believes it is in violation of these terms and
conditions. The Company also reserves the right to terminate your use of
this site and/or its programs, if you violate any of these prohibited
uses.

Services and Pricing

We reserve the right to cancel your access with us. We may, in our sole
discretion, refuse or cancel your access if you are not following the
guidelines set forth in these terms and conditions, or has been or is
currently involved in unethical, immoral or illegal activity. Your sole
remedy in these cases will be a pro rata refund of your membership, if
there is a membership fee. In the event that we cancel your access, we
may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing
address/phone number provided at the time the access was created. 

You agree to provide current, complete and accurate account information
for all membership, program or donations activity. You agree to promptly
update your account and other information, including your email address
and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete
your transactions and contact you as needed.  

Dankstocks.com will not discriminate, and prohibits discrimination,
harassment, and bullying against any person for any reason—for example,
because of age, ancestry, color, disability or handicap, national
origin, race, religion, gender, sexual or affectional orientation,
gender identity, appearance, matriculation, political affiliation,
marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by
law.

We may offer for sale various products and services that are from a
third party vendor. The prices for these goods and services are subject
to change and are not in the control of Dankstocks.com. You should
become familiar with their terms for service and/or privacy policy as
well, as Dankstocks.com is not liable for their policies. The Company’s
liability for these goods and services are limited to the price paid for
them.

**User Information.**

Users will be able to upload content about various business’, providing
their personal opinion about the company, including buying or selling
shares in that particular company. Users who choose to upload content
will be subject to the terms located in this agreement pertaining to
that.

When you register (for an account or other information) regardless of
reason through the Web Site, you will be asked to provide the Company
with certain information including, without limitation, your name,
mailing address, credit card information, and a valid email address
(your "Information"). In addition to the terms and conditions that may
be set forth in any privacy policy on this Web Site, you understand and
agree that the Company may disclose to third parties, on an anonymous
basis, certain aggregate information contained in your registration
application. Furthermore, the Company may disclose to any third party
your information unless you opt out of this, including to the extent
necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws or in legal
proceedings where such information is relevant. If ever applicable, the
Company reserves the right to offer third party services and products to
you based on the preferences that you identify in your registration and
at any time thereafter; such offers may be made by the Company or by
third parties. Please see the Company’s Privacy Policy for further
details regarding your Information.

Unless mentioned in our privacy policy, the Company does not sell or
rent your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes
without your consent and we only use your information as described here
and in the Privacy Policy. Your personal information and safeguarding it
is very important to the Company. Your information is on computers and
is protected by physical as well as technological security devices. If
you object to your Information being transferred or used in this way
please do not use our services.

It is your responsibility to verify the accuracy of all the information
(including personal) entered and/or posted by you on this Web Site.

The Company does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy,
or reliability of communications posted by the Company from third
parties, nor does the Company endorse any opinions expressed in these
postings by others. Except for the programs that the Company is involved
with, the Company does not endorse any of the products that may be
advertised by third parties through the web site. All postings by the
Company and products sold by third parties are for informational and
convenience purposes only.

While the Company has no obligation to screen communications or
information in advance and is not responsible for screening or
monitoring material posted by users or other third parties, they will
screen users’ postings before making them available to users. If
notified by a user of communications which allegedly do not conform to
these Terms and Conditions, or through the Companies own internal
review, the Company may investigate the allegation and determine in good
faith and its sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal
of the communication. The Company has no liability or responsibility to
users for performance or nonperformance of such activities. The Company
reserves the right to expel users and prevent their further access to
the Web Site for violating the Terms and Conditions or the law and the
right to remove communications which are false, misleading, abusive,
illegal, or disruptive. The Company may take any action with respect to
user-submitted information that it deems necessary or appropriate in its
sole discretion if it believes it may create liability for the Company
or may cause the Company to lose (in whole or in part) the services of
its ISPs or other third parties.

By submitting content to any public or non-public area of the Web Site
(if ever applicable), including regular postings, message boards,
forums, contests, photographs and chat rooms, you grant the Company and
its affiliates the loyalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable
(through multiple tiers), non-exclusive right (including any moral
rights) in your copyright, trademark, publicity and database rights, a
license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create
derivative works from, distribute, communicate to the public, perform
and display the content (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to
incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now
known or later developed, for the full term of any rights that may exist
in such content. You also warrant that the holder of any rights,
including moral rights in such content, has completely and effectively
waived all such rights and validly and irrevocably granted to you the
right to grant the license stated above. You also permit any subscriber
to access, display, view, store and reproduce such content for personal
use. These rights also include your information in any media now known
or not currently known. Subject to the foregoing, the owner of such
content placed on the Web Site retains any and all rights that may exist
in such content. This information will be used in accordance with the
Company’s privacy policy.

The Company will review and edit, if necessary, all content submitted to
the Company for upload to this website, prior to publication. The
Company also has, at its sole discretion, the right to choose to not
publish any uploaded content, if it feels the content is inappropriate.

Users may provide a monetary tip to the contributors, if they like the
content. These tips are optional. Anyone providing a tip will be
governed by the privacy policy for this Company. Users providing a tip
will do so anomalously, unless stated otherwise.

Any hyperlinks contained in any postings will be, at the discretion of
the Company, disabled for use by others.

 

** **

**Registration and Password.**

If applicable, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of your information and password. You shall be responsible for all uses
of your registration, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to
immediately notify the Company of any unauthorized use of your
registration or password.

**Copyright Notification in the Event of Possible Infringement.**

With the exception of the license you grant above, if you believe that
your copyrighted work has been uploaded, posted or copied to this Web
Site and is accessible on this Web Site in a way that constitutes
copyright infringement, please notify us by providing the Company with
the following information:

1\. The physical or electronic signature of either the copyright owner or
of a person authorized to act on the owner's behalf;

2\. A description of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed,
and a description of the activity that you claim to be infringing;

3\. Identification of the URL or other specific location on this web site
where the material or activity you claim to be infringing is located or
is occurring; you must include enough information to allow us to locate
the material or the activity;

4\. Your name, address, telephone number and, if you have one, your
e-mail address;

5\. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use on the
web site of the copyrighted work in the manner you are complaining of is
not authorized by the copyright owner, any agent of the copyright owner,
or the law; and

6\. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the
information you have provided in your notice is accurate and that you
are either the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the
copyright owner.

Dankstocks.com’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright
infringement on its site can be reached as follows:

e-mail: [support@dankstocks.com](mailto:info@Dankstocks.com)

**Termination of Users who Violate the Company's policy on infringement
of Copyright or other Intellectual Property rights of Others.**

The Company, and all of our affiliated companies respect the
intellectual property of others, and we ask our users, account holders
and content partners to do the same. The unauthorized reproduction,
copying, distribution, modification, public display or public
performance of copyrighted works constitutes infringement of the
copyright owner's rights. As a condition to your use of this Web Site,
you agree not to use the Web Site to infringe the intellectual property
rights of others in any way. We will terminate the accounts of any
account holders, refuse to offer any goods/services, and block access to
our Web Site of any users, who are repeat infringers of the copyrights,
or other intellectual property rights, of others. We reserve the right
to take these actions at any time, in our sole discretion, with or
without notice, and without any liability to the account holder who is
terminated or to the user whose access is blocked.

**The Company’s Liability. **

In some cases we may allow third parties to post information on this
site. We may not screen this information before posting. The web site
may also be a venue for different products, articles and interviews. The
Company is not involved in the actual communications between users,
unless specifically mentioned otherwise. As a result, the Company has no
control over the content of the various postings, third party vendor
information, product information or users work product. In addition (if
ever applicable), note that there are risks, including but not limited
to the risk of physical harm, of dealing with strangers, foreign
nationals, underage persons or people acting under false pretenses. You
assume all risks associated with dealing with other users with whom you
come in contact through the Web Site. There is no agency agreement of
any kind made between any Vendor or other third party, and the Company.

Because user authentication on the Internet is difficult, Dankstocks.com
cannot and does not confirm that each user/vendor is who they claim to
be. Because we do not and cannot be involved in user-to-user/third party
dealings or control the behavior of participants on Dankstocks.com, in
the event that you have a dispute with one or more users, you release
the Company (and our agents and employees) from claims, demands and
damages (actual and consequential, direct and indirect) of every kind
and nature (including negligence), known and unknown, suspected and
unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way
connected with such disputes.

We are under no legal obligation to, and generally do not, control the
information provided by other users, vendors, and others, which may be
made available through the Web Site. By its very nature, other parties
information may be offensive, harmful or inaccurate, and in some cases
will be mislabeled or deceptively labeled. We expect that you will use
caution and common sense when using this Web Site. The Company is not
liable for the content or accuracy of any postings, and will not be
liable to you should you choose to take any advice provided by these
users. Your use of this advice is at your own risk.

The Material may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. The
Company makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability,
completeness, or timeliness of the Web Site, or other Material. The use
of the Web Site and the Material is at your own risk. Changes are
periodically made to the Web Site and may be made at any time.

You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the form,
content and accuracy of any postings placed by you on the Web Site.

THE COMMENTS FOUND ON ANY POSTINGS ARE MADE BY THIRD PARTIES, AND MAY BE
JUST OPINIONS. THESE SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED PROFESSIONAL ADVICE. THE
COMPANY ADVISES THAT YOU SEEK PROFESSIONAL ADVICE BEFORE ENTERING INTO
ANY TRANSACTION INVOLVING BUYING OR SELLING SHARES OF A COMPANY. THE
COMPANY IS NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY OUTCOME OF ANY OF THESE
TRANSACTIONS.

THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEB SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE
OR THAT THE WEB SITE AND ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR
OTHER HARMFUL MECHANISMS. IF YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE OR THE MATERIAL
RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, THE
COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.

THE WEB SITE AND MATERIAL ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE COMPANY, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE MATERIAL, SERVICES,
SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, AND LINKS.

**Disclaimer of Consequential Damages. **

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES, ITS
SUPPLIERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THE WEB SITE BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
WEB SITE AND THE MATERIAL, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR
ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY IS ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. AGAIN, UNLESS STATED OTHERWISE, THE COMPANY
DOES NOT ENDORSE ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY ANY THIRD PARTY THAT A USER
FOUND ON DANKSTOCKS.COM.

**Contacting Company.**

Users may contact the Company, for customer support or service at the
following e-mail address(s):

support@dankstocks.com

**Links to Other Sites.**

The Web Site may contain links to third party web sites. The Company
does not endorse any of these sites and is provided to you as a
convenience only. The Company is not responsible for the content of
linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding
the content or accuracy of materials on such third party web sites. If
you decide to access linked third party Web sites, you do so at your own
risk.

  

We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we
neither monitor nor have any control nor input. You acknowledge and
agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available”
without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and
without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising
from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools. Any use by
you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own
risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and
approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant
third-party provider(s).

We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through
the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such
new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of
Service.

**No Resale or Unauthorized Commercial Use.**

You agree not to resell or assign your rights or obligations under these
Terms of Use. You also agree not to make any unauthorized commercial use
of the Web Site.

 

**Termination.**

As mentioned previously, the Company reserves the right, at its sole
discretion, to pursue all of its legal remedies, including but not
limited to deletion of your postings (if applicable) from this Web Site
and immediate cancel your subscription with or ability to access the Web
Site and/or any other service provided to you by the Company, upon any
breach by you of these Terms and Conditions (or other agreements found
in this Web Site) or if the Company is unable to verify or authenticate
any information you submit to the Web Site registration with or ability
to access the Web Site.

**Indemnity.**

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company, its
officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims,
actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and
accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your use of the Material or
your breach of the terms of these Terms and Conditions. This shall
include all intellectual property issues, such as copyright and
trademark infringement, and any outcome from any transaction based on
the comments on this website. The Company shall provide notice to you
promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at
your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.

**General Terms.**

The Company makes no claims that the Materials may be lawfully viewed or
downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Materials may not
be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the
Web Site from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk
and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the internal substantive laws
of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws
principles. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under this agreement
shall lie exclusively with the state or federal courts within
California, and all parties submit to the jurisdiction of the venue of
these courts. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions are found
to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity
of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full
force and effect. No waiver of any term of these Terms and Conditions
shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other
term. Both parties agree that they may be compensated for reasonable
attorney fees in the event of a claim. Except as expressly provided in
additional terms of use for areas of the Web Site, such as a particular
"Legal Notice," or Software License or material on particular Web pages,
these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you
and the Company with respect to the use of the web site. No changes to
these Terms and Conditions shall be made except by a revised posting on
this page.
